Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform.
One more thing. Let me
tell you about a new
sponsor Ray gun. If you're
wanting to detect and diagnose
errors and crashes in your
software, even find problems that
you didn't know existed to
improve your software and Reagan
might be perfect for you.
You had a few lines
of code your application, and
in minutes, you'll get real
time error reports with all
the information that you need
to fix bugs fast, you
can even hook it up
to your team chat, bug
tracking development, workflow tools, Reagan
covers all major web and
mobile programming languages, including.net, the
full Xamarin stack JavaScript, and
many more go check out
Reagan today@reagan.io. I use this
myself on my little startup
and I really, really recommend
this product. It is a
great, great product. Check it
out. Ray gun@reagandotiofromhanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan amounts
in show number four 81.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Kelsey. Brisman about making
the internet of things with
JavaScript. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I'm talking with Kelsey brakeman.
She's one of the creators
of TESL and Tesla is
a really exciting platform for
making stuff and you know,
that I'm excited about making.
So I'm really excited to
chat with you today. I'm
excited to be on here.
Thanks. Now I was looking
you up and doing all
my research and you have
a degree in neural engineering,
which is about the coolest
sounding degree ever. Did you
make that or how does
that work? What does that
do? What is neural engineering?
Yeah, so I made up
that major, but it's based
on my interest in how
the human brain basically learns
and grows. And I wanted
to kind of approach this,
this field that has quite
a lot that we don't
know in it with with
a pretty hard science sort
of, how do we get
something out of this kind
of approach and that's that's
engineering. So I'm interested in
how we can use that
sort of stuff for and
for, well, honestly, for super
powers based on building building
devices that can work with
the way that we think
and interact with our world,
even electrically without making us
have to interact with more
devices than we wanted to.
Yeah, it's interesting. It's sometimes
feels like, you know, you,
you think something, but it
still has to go through
your fingers into a keyboard
and, you know, you get
to the point where you
can type as fast as
you can possibly type, but
you're still going outside your
body. And then in order
to get back inside and,
and, and change something, it's
an interesting topic for me
because I'm a diabetic and
I'm a type one diabetic,
and I have a number
of devices attached to me.
I'd love to be able
to control those in some
way. So I'm always thinking
about the internet of things
as it relates to those
devices, but there's always an
interface. There's always a button.
There's something isn't there. Yeah.
I mean, so you're already
a bit of a cyborg
and that's, that's really cool
because it's just another way
that we can use engineering
to make the world reacts
to us in a way
that's responsive rather than us
having to go out and
do something. And do you
think of this as something
where I'm going to take
a device and put a
helmet on my head, or
how am I going to
interact with devices in a
world that is smart about,
you know, the, the way
that the mind works in
a neural sense? Well, actually,
so I'm interested in this
concept of ubiquitous computing. That's
born out of a Xerox
park in the nineties and
Mark wiser. Basically the idea
is that you don't have
to notice that there's a
device. The world just responds
to you. If, if it's,
if it's acting appropriately and
one, one low tech example
of that is just a
conference room that has a
window in it. So you
can walk by and know
if that's there's something in
there that shouldn't be disturbed,
but a higher tech sort
of implementation of that. I
actually gave a Ted talk
about a year ago today
at solid con about how,
how to make this stuff
happen. And one of the
things was I had hooked
up Hugh lights to a
Twitter API, so that during
my talk, I could get
live feedback on sentiment and
they would turn red or
green based on how the
audience was tweeting about me.
So that sort of thing
where, where, yeah, where I
don't have to go out
of my way to interact
with it. But suddenly I
have more information about the
environment that I'm in. Those,
those kinds of experiences work
amazingly until they don't work
at all. Like there doesn't
seem to Zoho is that
there's like an uncanny Valley
of ubiquitous computing where, you
know, you walk into a
room, the light goes on,
you leave the room, light
goes off, but if you
walk in the room and
you're waving your arms around,
or we've all been in
a conference room late at
night and the light goes
out and you're like, seriously.
Yeah, absolutely. And that's very
much something that, that, well,
a lot of us are
exploring right now. I mean,
if you look at the
nest thermostat, I used to
use it as my canonical.
This is a perfect example
of a vigorous computing. It's
a thing that learns, it's
a, it's a device that
sits on your wall and
you don't interact with it
based on having talked to
people about it though, I've
learned, and I don't have
one myself. I learned that
you have one, so maybe
you can, maybe you can
give your take on this
too, but from what I've
heard, it's too cool. A
piece of technology and people
just pull out their phone
all the time and interact
with it thermostat. Whereas previously,
like, even though it was
much harder, people just kind
of ignored it before, but
in theory it's a big
bonus. Yes, absolutely. It is
the, it is the iPhone
of thermostats. I mean, it
is a beautiful device. It
turns on and glows when
you walk by and it
doesn't just turn on it
kind of like, you know,
pulses like, Oh, there you
are. Hello, I'm nest. It's,
it's, it's, it's something that
you desperately want to interact
with just because it's so
pretty. And it's so well
designed. It is, I would
have to say from an
IOT perspective, the canonical perfect
example of an amazing and
fun device to use, I
have had exactly zero problems
with it, But although it
doesn't fit in my, my,
my, quite the model that
I'm thinking of for a
bit, but it's computing because
you do actually want to
interact with it. And ideally
it would just, you wouldn't
even remember you had one
and it just be one
less thing that you ever
think about. Does that mean
that a really good, you
know, a good device or
a good IOT thing? Like
a good example of ubiquitous
computing would be something that
is embedded somewhere in the
fridge and the wall in
the, in the floor. And
I don't even think about
it. Maybe I change the
batteries every 10 years, but
it just makes my life
better. Yeah. It just, it
just changes your life in
a way that you just
completely forget about. I mean,
think about modern convenience, conveniences,
such as having the availability
of internet or electricity or
running water. It's the kind
of thing that you just
kind of assume it's there,
it works. You don't think
about it ever, unless you
go camping and then suddenly
you realize, Oh, I need
a flashlight at night. Oh,
I need to go find
some water like that sort
of stuff. And ideally in
the ubiquitous computing comes to
pass the way that I
someday hope it will. We'll
end up with exactly that
sort of interactions with all
of the objects around us.
Things will just react or
just things will just be
available when we need them.
Things will just react to
the way that that we
feel. So like the lights
turning off as the perfect
example of, of something that's
not quite there yet, the
motion activated lights, but in
theory, you should be able
to walk into a room,
have the lights when you
need them, have them know
when you don't want them
on. Even if you're in
the room, have them save
energy when you're not there,
there's obvious potential there. And
that's of course why we
have them, but yeah, we're
not quite there yet. Interesting.
So if I may then
ubiquitous computing would be the,
of what everyone's excited about
right now, which is virtual
reality and augmented reality where
people want to put us
into a computer. This is
more about prosthetics for able
bodied people. Well, I mean,
also just in the sense
of things that you don't
put on yourself, but yeah,
I'm, I'm personally not a
huge fan of virtual reality
and augmented reality. I do
think there's some cool possibility
there, but it's not something
that I get excited about.
I'm much more excited about
how can we live in
our lives, augmented by technology.
That that just gets completely
out of the way. Okay.
So I probably shouldn't use
the word press thesis because
you're talking about, there's a
computer in your mirror in
the bathroom, and maybe it
knows that you need to
take your pill and it
just knows somehow, and you
don't wear anything, right? You
don't have anything on your
body, Right? Yeah. Cause the
moment you have to start
putting stuff on yourself, that's
a whole nother problem, which
is actually, it's interesting because
there's different devices that exist
that you do in fact
put on and carry around.
And a smartwatch, for example,
would be the hot topic
right now, or the fact
that you now carry a
cell phone. And before you
never would have, if it
affords enough convenience, people are
willing to augment themselves with
an extra device. But if
you look at stuff like
Google glass, something that you
would have to wear and
ideally not have to have
a computer or a phone
around, that's what was exciting
about that? Even though that
particular one might not be
the best example of a
success. Right. But there is
an example of something that
augmented my life or improved
my life in some way,
but not so much so
that I would be willing
to look like a huge
dork. Yeah. Yeah. So, but
yeah, so there's, there's an
interesting balance between, I guess
it's in, it's in the
realm of retrofitting re retrofitting
this kind of device to
the current world, which doesn't
have all these kinds of
conveniences. And right now you
would have to carry around
the device with you to
have the, to have the
experience. But in theory, a
future world should have, you
know, municipal devices reacting to,
to people walking down the
street, all that sort of
stuff. This is a, this
is a far future vision,
But we need to start
building it. This is great
because this gets us into,
what's what I wanted to
talk to you about, which
is a TESL and a,
the TESL to coming. If
I wanted to build these
things or even get involved
in all of the great
stuff that you've just been
talking about. I feel like
maybe three to five years
ago, it would have been
out of my reach as
a, as a developer. I
mean, I'm an, I'm a
regular web developer. I know
JavaScript, I know C sharp
and I would look upon
hardware, people as being just
super advanced beyond, you know,
like that's just another religion
that I can't be a
part. Talk to me about
why, you know, what the
Tesla is. Yeah. So in
fact, that's, that's exactly the
sort of reputation of electrical
engineering that, that we created
tussle to try and circumvent.
So tussle, if you haven't
heard of it, it's, it's
a microcontroller that runs JavaScript
and node directly on it.
The new one should have
some rest and Python capabilities
as well, and it's got
wifi built into it. And
those are just features. The
real idea is say you
are a web developer or
somebody who doesn't even know
programming. JavaScript is a relatively
accessible language. And you don't
really want to think about
all the levels of implementation
at the outset. You have
an idea of a thing
that you want to make
Tesla's design so that you
can get from that idea
to having a working version
of that thing as quickly
as you can, or as
quickly as possible. So what
we've done is we've tried
to make it as modular
and abstracted as, as make
sense. I think in the,
in the sense of the
electrical engineering components. So we
know that a web developer,
most web developers are kind
of thrown off by the
idea of building hardware. Electrical
engineering is scary because things
can burn up and you
don't know what's happening. And
there's invisible things moving around
in the wires that are
obviously very important. And unless
you actually have some, some
grounding in it and maybe
a year or four of
study, you're probably going to
be a bit nervous. So
we looked at the existing
solutions, Arduino and raspberry PI
are the two obvious contenders,
but there's other options out
there in the space. And
they're quite cool. And it's
much easier than, than, you
know, 15 years ago, electrical
engineering, but you still have
to have this, the step
where you buy components and
you plug in wires and
you, you have to know
a little bit about, well,
does it need this amount
of voltage, this amount of
amperage when the signal comes
back, what kind of numbers
am I looking for? Is
this just a voltage change?
Is it trying to talk
over some protocol? It gets
much more complicated than, than
it really has to in,
in the modern time. So
we have this concept of
modules, which are, if, if
you're a node programmer, it's,
they're literally NPM modules as
well as being physical components.
So there's a one to
one mapping Of an NPM
module to the mat, to
the physical module. Yes, that's
correct. In fact, so we've
got first party ones in
community, community created ones, and
I'll go into the community
once a bit later, but
the first party ones that
we've made ourselves, yeah. It's
a little red board to
match a little red tussle.
It's got a standardized 10
pin layout of, of all
the different protocols, which from
an electrical engineering perspective is
interesting, but let's assume that
you don't care about that.
It means that it plugs
in and it's pretty obvious
how it plugs in and
printed right onto that circuit
board is the name of
the NPM module. So say
you want a camera? It
says, camera dash V C
zero seven zero six, right
on it. And if you
NPM install camera dash zero
seven zero six, and NPM
require that module, you've got
a first party library that
says, yeah, you can just
do camera dot, take picture.
And, and in your callback,
it'll return a buffer of
your image. And it's, I
mean, it's that simple at
that point, He makes you
wonder why kind of it,
wasn't always that simple. Like
when I started playing with
Arduino, I would put shields
together and I would think
that, okay, a shield, you
know, there'd be a library
for each shield and there
is, but then you start
having to think about pins.
And when you stack shields,
you have to think about,
are those pins touching each
other? You know, you, the,
the concepts of voltage and
amperage still leak out. Yeah,
exactly. And it's not a
bad thing to have to
learn a bit about voltage.
Well, okay. It's not a
bad thing to learn about
voltage and amperage and how
electronics work. But I do
think it is a bad
thing to be forced to
learn it when you're trying
to do something else entirely
On the, on the website.
And the website is TESL,
T E S S E
l.io. It's probably one of
the best homepages I've seen
for a project in a
long, long time. It's just
so well designed. It does
some, some scroll jacking that
is really, really cool, but
scroll, I would encourage people
who are listening to scroll
down to the bottom because
the part that I liked
the best and here's a
compliment to you is you've
got these two columns and
one's called the knitty and
one's called the gritty. And
it is just perfect. I
think everyone should do this.
So the nitty says programmable
and JavaScript, you know, support
for rust coming, deploy over
wifi support, you know, all
the nitty, all the stuff
that you want. And for
people who don't have English
as a, as a, a,
a first language, and they
might find the nitty gritty
to be a little confusing,
but the gritty has all
of the specs that you
want in like eight quick
sentences. This is a really
surprisingly powerful little device. You've
got a 580 megahertz processor
on this thing. Yeah. So
actually, so we really wanted
to upgrade from TESL one
when we made tussle to,
and one of the, one
of the major issues with
the original Tesla was that
though it's cool that it
has wifi built into it
at the time that we
built it. The technology for
putting for fruiting wifi on
boards was not as great
as we'd hoped. It was,
there was a chip, the
CC 3000 that a lot
of people got really excited
about. And a number of,
of companies started doing really
interesting things with it. And
then that particular chip didn't
deliver in the way that
most of us had hoped.
And so we ended up
with wifi that worked most
of the time. So actually
one of the, one of
the things that we've done
with tussle too, is we
said, well, first of all,
the original Tesla was $75.
And that's pretty reasonable for
what it costs to build
it, but pretty unreasonable. If
you want to buy 50
of those and teach a
class or, or for whatever
purpose, to be honest, or
actually near and dear to
my heart, if you wanted
to embed it in something,
that's a lot. So we,
so we said, well, what's
a way that we can
make this both cheaper and
better. And so we started
trying to investigate well where,
where our wifi chips used
a ton because economies of
scale is, is the only
thing that really drives down
price. So we actually ended
up with this media tech
tech chip that you can
find in routers. So the
hardware on Tesla two is
literally a router chip, and
you can actually use it
as a router and it's
got the processor embedded and
it's a full processor. So
it can actually, it actually,
in this case runs Linux
though. I hate to say
that actually up front, because
it should feel exactly like
Tesla one, you shouldn't feel
like you're running a Linux
box. It should. It's, it's
completely abstracted away. I see.
So you could, I mean,
I suppose you could theoretically
break in there and mess
with it if you want
it to, but knowing that
it runs, it is an
appliance, right. I don't want
to think about that. It
runs Linux. I know that
it runs node and IO.
Yes, absolutely. So we're actually
using the same API and
the same command line tools
with some improvements on them,
because why not? When you're
given the chance as the
Tesla one, even though the
implementation is totally different and,
and the main command line
tools are the original, you
would say, we kind of
stole this from Heroku his
idea, because it's, it's brilliant.
It just says Tesla push
my code and then that
code lives on your device.
Ah, so, okay. So yeah,
it's just like get push
and push you. Just put,
that's a really nice metaphor.
Yeah. And it's, and it's
very intuitive to web developers
and non web developers alike.
Cause it's just, it's just
doing exactly what you say
to do. And so that,
that will still be happening
on TESL too. And this
is, this is already implemented
where we're putting together the
CLI right now. And you're
welcome. Check out the repose.
So you can, you can
Tesla run code and it's
yeah. Index tussle, push index
dot JS. And it starts,
you know, in the hello
world example, blinking your lights
Before you run away from
the wifi thing. I did
have one last question about
the wifi, because there's a,
there's an unusual blade looking
design on the, on two
of the edges of the
TESL. Is that related to
the wifi? Is that an
antenna of some kind? Yes.
Those are both antennas. And
you'd have to ask our
head electrical engineer, Eric, about
more details on that, but
that's, that's to make sure
that the wifi is very
stable. Okay. So that's good.
It's interesting because there's so
many devices out there where
you have to, you get
the device, you're like, okay,
I'm ready to do something
with this device. And then,
Oh, I need a wifi
thing. You know, you always
have to add wifi to
stuff. It's so nice that
it's finally coming out of
the box on more devices.
Well, right. And actually that's
one of the things that
we thought was really frustrating
about electrical engineering that we
wanted to fix is when
you're doing an electrical engineering
project, you get your microcontroller
and then you say, okay,
now what? And a lot
of people leave their, their
pies in the Arduinos sitting
in drawers because they thought
it was cool. And then
they didn't come up with
an idea. And even if
they did come up with
an idea, they need a
couple of wires or a
couple of resistors of a
specific value. And we wanted
to make sure that you
could just get it and
go. So if you, if
you get the server module,
for example, it's not just
the servo module, physical thing.
It also includes a servo
what to plug into it.
And it also includes a
five volt power adapter so
that you can run your
servo. And so it all
comes in the box together.
And the idea is you
don't, you don't have to
wait around, you get your
thing and you make it.
That's really slick. Yeah. I'm
looking at the servo model
module here. And that's one
of the hardest things I've
found in getting involved in
this stuff is hooking up
servos. It's easy to get
a button and an led
to work, but then it's
like, all right, I want
to move them or move
a motor around, figuring out
the power that runs the
board and being separate from
motors. And in this case
here, you've, you've separated that.
Right. It's separate. So that,
yeah, so that you don't
have to worry about drawing
too much power off the
board itself. You don't have
to worry about how you're
powering the board because usually
you're going to be powering
it over USB, which is
five volts, but we can't
depend on that. Tesla one
actually could take anything between
3.3 and 12 volts and
still work. But so yeah,
we wanted to make sure
the service had a consistent
power supply. And then this,
the API for it is
dead simple. And I was
part of designing this. You
want to serve at a
move it's servo dot move
As well as it should
be. You know what I
mean? I mean, even complicated
things are easy when you
do it like that. Yeah.
The, and that's exactly the
point And that's, that's honestly,
my favorite thing about tussle
is that it's, it's very
simple when you look at
the code, even if you're
not much of a programmer
and I've, I've done this
with teaching people to code,
I've used tussle to, to
teach, like, this is what
JavaScript is workshops. And I
have people read through it
and say, so what do
you think this line does?
And what do you think
this line does? And they
read through the, you know,
10 or 20 lines of
the example and they can
usually tell me, yeah, okay.
This is the part where
Tesla's saying that the modules
connected on port a, and
this is the part where
it's saying, okay, we'll wait
until the servo module says
that it's ready. Okay. Now
move it to this position.
And it it's meant to
read like planning, Lish, and
it's meant to work well
for node programmers. It's nice
that it's in that same
callback and or promise format.
The, that kind of makes
sense in terms of when
things happen. I think that
also in the context of
teaching people, if you sit
down with like a, you
know, a teenager and you
show them how to write,
alert, whatever, and run it
in a webpage and they
go, okay, that's basic programming.
And then you say, well,
let's do some hardware now.
And you make that transition
from people who were born
on the web and they're
going from web programming on
something that they know the
browser. And now suddenly they're
putting something out on an
led screen. They're going to,
I think that's magic. They're
going to think that's completely
natural. Of course, you know,
why wouldn't you do it
that way. Right. And it's,
it's actually really cool because,
because yeah, I don't, I
don't know. I I've done,
I've taught people, I've gone
and done like workshop for
high school girls. Who'd never
programmed before. And I sat
them down and I made
sure, so our start experience
starts with the installation step,
but there's a little link
at the top of that
that says, if you're new
to web development, take a
step back and learn the
basics. And it says, this
is what a command line
is. And it gives you
a little workshop that says,
okay, you should get comfortable
with this. Okay. Now we
can go into let's install
tussle. And I sit them
down with that and, and
they go through it and
they, they try the command
line and they get the
concept of, Oh, I'm manipulating
files on my computer. That's
cool. And then they go
through and they install node
and that works out better
than you'd expect. And then,
yeah, they, they, by the
end of, you know, half
an hour, an hour, they've
made a couple things in
hardware, even though it's their
first time ever using JavaScript.
And I think because, because
we intentionally made tussle to
be the exact same tools
and flow as web development,
it would then be really
easy for one of them
to say, okay, now I'm
going to build a website
to interact with, to interact
with hardware or just a
website on its own. And
they already have node installed.
They already understand what the
CLI is. They already understand
the editor and they maybe
have sublime or Adam, they're
good to go. Yeah. And
this is flexible. Like with
some systems, you'll add some
modules and then you'll round
of modules, like, okay, that's
all the modules. We got
a, but I'm looking at
one here where someone has
taken an old Nokia, 51,
10 black and white, you
know, LCD screen, like the
classic Nokia screen and got
to talking to a TESL
with this DIY board. And,
you know, I'm kind of
digging into this and you
can go all the way
down into exactly what code
he used. He ported someone
else's driver for this screen
and then wrote, you know,
Nokia 51, 10 dot print.
And he's putting it out
there. I mean, that's, that's
amazing. I could, I could
teach my kids kind of
the basic concepts and they
would feel like, Oh, this
is what's inside a cell
phone, you know? Yeah. Well,
and it's actually, so this
is kind of a, one
of my favorite things is
I spent a lot of
time working with working with
a fellow Kevin to, to
write documentation for the DIY
module because you know, developers
know what they're doing in
terms of protocols. Like that's,
that's a concept that is
well understood. It's just that
hardware has different protocols. And
so we've written actually documentation.
So that it's quite easy
to understand what is spy.
You aren't ITC standard protocols
for hardware communication. So we
actually built this DIY module
and with it released some
documentation on, if you're just
getting started with, with hardware,
don't worry. It's not a
big deal. This is what
I to see is here's
how you use it. And
well, it it's, it sounds,
it looks much simpler than
it sounds when I say
it out loud, but check
out that documentation, if you
find that interesting. But the
whole idea is even that,
even at that level, we've
tried to abstract that to
JavaScript and make it quite
simple. So normally you would
have to do this whole
rigmarole of setting a, a
bod rate to communicate over
and setting like a certain
pin high for a certain
amount to wake it up.
All of this nonsense, we've
actually made abstracted API APIs
for a TESL, such that
you can say, okay, I'm
making this thing. I read
on the data data sheet
that it needs the speed
of communication and you set
it up and go, and
it's, it's just not that
complicated. And actually well, so,
so you were looking at
the community modules, which is
actually on tesl.io/modules, which is
actually, I, I, I love
that we're able to do
this to have a community
that is excited about contributing
these, these NPM libraries for,
for hardware. So the community
modules is a, is a
for people to contribute well.
So Arduino and raspberry PI
have created this really wonderful
ecosystem and marketplace for, for
hardware modules. They're just not
the same four factors are
hardware modules. So you end
up with like an Arduino
heart rate sensor or an
Arduino Nokia screen, as you
mentioned. And it's very simple
to go out and buy
those. And there's Arduino libraries
for them already. And so
we've made it fairly simple
to take that Arduino library
and poured it over to
JavaScript and release it as
a node module. And then
the community libraries are for
anyone who's done that or,
or built a node module
from scratch and released it
with an API that's documented
and just images of how
to wire it up so
that anybody could repeat it.
And then even though it
does involve a few wires,
it is just about as
simple as plugging in one
of the first party modules
to the side. Cause all
you have to do is
plug it in where it
shows, plugging it in and
a NPM install again. And
that's extensible pretty much indefinitely.
Yeah. This looks like I'm
just looking around here. There's
there's, I'm trying to think
about how I can take
some of the sensors that
I already have and I
can plug them into the
DIY board. Everything is 3.3
volts. It looks pretty straightforward.
Yeah. And that's, that's the
hope. And if we get
excited about this too, so
if somebody posts on the
forums and says, Hey, I'm
trying to figure out how
to do this, but I'm
new to, to hardware. And
they have a question like
we're always really happy to
jump in and say, Oh,
this is, this is the
thing you should look out
for. This is, have you
tried it this way? One
of the last things, and
I don't mean to put
you on the spot, but
as we, as we end
the show here, is it
true that you made a
CNC machine into a cake
decorator? Yes. That was a
college project. My school Olin
college of engineering has this
class called principles of engineering,
which is basically an entire
semester devoted to design build.
So you pick something outlandish
and then you form a
team of about, I think
ours was six and then
you spend the whole semester
making it from scratch. So
we built a, we were
all learning Python at the
time. So we built a
Python where you could draw
like in paint. And then
one of our team members
was really into machining. So
he got some raw aluminum
blocks and built out the,
the mechanical assembly. And yeah,
we made a cake decorator
that could, if you wrote
something in cursive, on, in,
in our Python, gooey and
then hit print to cake,
it would, it would look
exactly like your handwriting on
the top of the cake.
Where, where is the auto
frost currently? Can we visit
it probably in someone's Garage?
What a shame, what a
shame. That's a really amazing
thing. You can, I will
put links in the show
notes, not only to Tesla,
but also to your instructables.com
profile. So people can see
the YouTube video and be
excited about making as much
as you are. Oh yeah,
absolutely. Thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Thanks
for taking the time. This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes and we'll see
you again next week.